✨ NEW: Add `orm.Entity.fields` interface for `QueryBuilder` (cont.) (#6245)
aiidateam/aiida-core: docs/source/topics/data_types.rst

A data type may safely use both the database and file repository in parallel for individual properties.
Properties stored in the database are stored as *attributes* of the node.
The node class has various methods to set these attributes, such as :py:meth:`~aiida.orm.nodes.attributes.NodeAttributes.set` and :py:meth:`~aiida.orm.nodes.attributes.NodeAttributes.set_many`.

Fields
------

.. versionadded:: 2.6

The attributes of new data types may be exposed to end users by explicitly defining each attribute field under the ``__qb_fields__`` class attribute of the new data class.

.. code-block:: python

    from aiida.orm.fields import add_field

    class NewData(Data):
        """A new data type."""

        __qb_fields__ = [
            add_field(
              key='frontend_key',

>               qb_field='backend_key',  # optional mapping to a backend key, if different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              alias='backend_key',  # optional mapping to a backend key, if different
```

              dtype=str,

>               is_db_field=False,  # signalling if field is an attribute field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              is_attribute=False,  # signalling if field is not an attribute field (default is `True`)
```
